forget exam you know tell me do you know
where to find the for masks of Pollock
us sorry me I don't know what you're
talking about
I need to be Globox it captain I see
pirates they took you somewhere
I'll be on the marches if you like I can
help you get over to the list you can
get on to my scarf by shooting at it
then plus the cross button group jump
and the l2 button to accelerate come on
let's go
Raymond so long come and see me and
again if you can I promise I will I will
miss you my friend
me too no time to lose
you know the name of this place you are
now ready to enter the cave of bad
dreams but before you come in I must
tell you something I have hidden a
precious treasure inside you can keep it
for yourself if you beat me to it
I'll give you a head start but don't
waste any time if I catch you I'll show
you no mercy
you